fix(providers): pass agent system_prompt as native system parameter in Claude provider (#293)
microsoft/conductor: plugins/conductor/skills/conductor/references/execution.md

- Parallel group agent references
- For-each `source` format and reserved names
- Stale agent references and undeclared explicit-mode dependencies in `prompt`, `system_prompt`, `command`, `args`, `working_dir`, `input_mapping`, parallel-group inputs, and workflow `output:` templates

> - Warning when an agent defines `system_prompt` but no `prompt:` (unusual — the user message would be empty)

Reviewer: This has the same provider-specific wording problem as the validator warning. Copilot doesn't send an empty SDK prompt; the workflow's task prompt is what is missing.

```suggestion
- Warning when an agent defines `system_prompt` but no `prompt:` (unusual because the user-authored task prompt would be empty)
```

Author: Fixed in bd0aa63 — applied your suggestion verbatim:

> - Warning when an agent defines `system_prompt` but no `prompt:` (unusual because the user-authored task prompt would be empty)
